Hi, guys.
Worker Now is it of this for right icon.
We can then have the new our watch is not to do this are going to be in the package you know that's
the house of course starting out of the box.
Okay, now I head up to your browser.
Then you need to go to Park Dev and over here you're going to search for fudge or badges.
Okay, you are.
Which is okay.
Then if you search for this, then click on this.
Then we are going to need to copy this code.
Then go to your BSE code, the pub.
Spec dot yaml file.
Okay.
Then.
You give a piss.
It's because you already have it now to piss in it.
You're going to need to use control and se to save.
In order to get the package.
Okay.
Great.
Now, before this before this finishes, we are going to have and have over.
Yeah.
Okay.
So to do that, you're going to need to go to the.
Field.
Right.
Okay.
Can cause this.
And over here we can have and have our.
Harper.
However, and we can now the title is going to be a test get right and it's just going to say fields.
Screen or you can call this feature product.
Okay.
We're just going to call this Fields products.
His culture is to save.
And go check what he does did.
Okay.
Now we can change the color.
So I've got cola.
Isle of Wight.
Okay.
Now there's going to be some elevation.
Okay we're going to make it match with the background.
So I going the celebration.
I will set it to zero.
Now you can see we can't actually see the test because it is white.
So what are going to do?
We can always tie.
And test I.
You can then see color colors does black.
Okay.
This an idea trying to cover.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Take this to the center this hour.
Has a property known as center tied to the center, tighter within the harbor.
Since I try to be able to set it to 4 hours before it's going to be at the center.
Okay.
Great.
Now what you're going to do next is.
Rebel had the new protests over air rights.
Okay, now we we're going to go back to our brother.
Then the Badghis governor screwed down.
Right.
Then why are you going to copy this code?
Copy.
From the batch to this copy.
Then go to the single products design first that typical products that that allow you to rename this
to product item.
Okay.
Now this is the position which is right now we can get rid of this container.
Get rid of this continent and.
Okay, now we can.
Use control and dots in order to import the package.
Now, if for any reason you can't have access to that probably is showing you create class it's means.
Your visa code X has not yet detected detected that package just add.
So what you can do is you can.
We tried to get it all.
You can just close your visa code and open it again.
Right.
Okay, great.
They are going to go back to its.
Also the time is always needful after you that any package you need to restart you've code.
That was why I did it.
I just said.
Okay.
Now we can use control and this to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Now we can also see.
Saves the ammunition, ammunition and inmates, too.
True.
So we get some kind of animation.
Okay.
I think we need to start now to see that animation.
Sort of new batch.
Instead of batch, we can see new arrival.
Right.
And we can't change the color.
You can change the culture, whatever you want.
I'm just going to go with pink.
Okay.
Yeah, I can.
I can take this to the left so it is gonna be left.
Let's take this.
Because.
Get rid of this cover.
Most of.
This is zero.
See?
Okay.
Now, I think this is the push to the left side.
So that hedge we can see five.
Okay.
I think this is great.
Now for years.
All right.
We can go to the.
Shields for that.
Control and be.
Then get rid of this as well.
You can sit inside of either the twin coma within the weights and and pest control and dogs.
But it's not true.
Effort to save.
It is sort of.
But we can't see new.
Right.
And we can also change the color to.
Pink or whatever you like.
You don't really need to go with what I'm doing.
Exactly.
You can't just go with your own design and pattern.
True.
Okay.
Now.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
You can do it right.
Okay.
I think we have to talk.
We're just going to go to.
The fields, aqueducts.
Okay.
You can see we are starting at the top.
We're going to get rid of this so much and get rid of this.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
I prefer this.
Okay.
That space.
We don't want space in these sites.
Right.
Okay.
Or what we can do, we can say.
Imagine.
Edge and said, I basically did it because there's so much space at the top.
So it is going to be edge.
It's.
I think it says.
Okay.
I think I can spell that only.
Once a key space already left.
You can see there's five on the right.
Five.
Okay.
Great.
Right now, we can actually take it to the left.
So this is all right.
You can see this.
You can just reveal.
Is that right?
Of.
Okay.
Now there's all three studies to see the animation.
I can see.
Hopefully it.
Okay.
You can see.
Great.
Right.
Okay, guys, see you in a.